foreign
so we're going to talk about something
crazy something that is 660 million
dollars crazy Ergo Instagram made a 660
million dollars on the blue check marks
yeah so there's some press articles that
ended up coming out and with Instagram
they ended up making as Eric mentioned
660 million dollars all from charging
for blue check marks and I believe that
happened in the first 24 hours of them
going out and charging for that blue
check mark the exact numbers were they
sold 44 million blue check mark
verifications in one day at 15 a month
making them a whopping 660 million
dollars literally in just 24 hours which
means that number if it stays true and
holds it's going to get into the
billions quite quickly you know what's
nuts I mean I I don't know what the Neil
if you can check what the the Mau is on
for Instagram versus like a Twitter as
an example but I I would bet that
Instagram's a lot better
2.35 billion monthly active users
that's a lot a lot bigger right I think
uh Twitter is around like 230 Maus or
230 million or so um out of like 440
million something like that 450. that's
Maus or total users uh that's monthly
active users on Twitter and I'm just
Googling this so who knows how accurate
these articles are but you're looking at
roughly a difference of five times
Instagram has five times more monthly
active users than Twitter based on the
stats that I'm seeing online the point
behind all this is that people will buy
status right all the celebrities all the
rich people or whatever or notable
people whatever you want to call them
they had blue check marks and everyone
won a blue check mark I kid you not
people would ask me how did you get it
how did you get it
um and like they would just hust like
Hound you hound you hound you right but
here's the issue dude if everyone can
just go buy it I think it's gonna lose
its novelty it's just a question of when
that's where I'm going look it's already
lost its luster and so what's gonna
happen next is one status can be
purchased everyone should know that but
the other thing is I think there's gonna
be an entire business they're gonna
build on the badge stuff yeah and Elon
ended up innovating it for a lot of
these guys and now they're just like huh
if Elon can make money on it we'll make
way more than him because we have way
more users because it's not just
Instagram WhatsApp uh Facebook the list
goes on and on but like you're probably
talking if they did 660 million in 24
hours you're talking about easily three
four billion dollars that they can
figure out to generate from this check
mark stuff and it should be mainly
profit I don't see how they have a ton
of expenses on this stuff yeah and so I
think this is a smart business I think
there's a couple business lessons here
one is status cells okay two it's okay
to copy other people and you know you
have another angle on and arguably
Instagram's doing it better because
there there's some bells and whistles
behind it and uh it's once again you
know um you have Elon trying this stuff
and experimenting with stuff so that's
the other marketing lesson here it's to
constantly experiment and um you know
sometimes the market will take it and
sometimes the market won't what's funny
is everyone typically believes there's
one way to do stuff in marketing or
business that's not the case Elon came
up with a different biz small Facebook
could have done this way before Elon uh
Instagram could have done this a long
time ago tiktok could have done this a
long time ago LinkedIn and the list goes
on and on but no one really tried it
just because something works and is the
status quo that's what everyone's used
to like ads it doesn't mean that's the
only solution out there
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much